♪♪PIES IESU DOMINE, DONNA EIS REQUIEM ♪♪[ Bangs head with board ]
♪♪PIES IESU DOMINE, ♪♪ [ Bang ]
♪♪M.
♪♪DONNA EIS REQUIEM.♪♪ [ Bang ]
[ Crowd Shouting ]A WITCH !  A WITCH !  A WITCH !
♪♪PIES IESU DOMINE, ♪♪ [ Bang ]
A WITCH !  A WITCH !WE FOUND A WITCH !
[ Crowd Continues
Shouting ]A WITCH !  A WITCH !
WE'VE GOT A WITCH !
A WITCH !  WE'VE GOT A WITCH !
BURN HER ! BURN HER !  BURN HER !
WE'VE FOUND A WITCH !
A WITCH !
A WITCH !  A WITCH !
WE HAVE FOUND A WITCH !
MAY WE BURN HER ?
[ Crowd ]
BURN HER !  BURN HER !
HOW DO YOU KNOW
SHE IS A WITCH ?SHE LOOKS LIKE ONE !
[ Shouting  Affirmations ]
BRING HER FORWARD.
I'M NOT A WITCH. I'MNOT
A WITCH.
BUT YOU ARE DRESSED
AS ONE.
THEY DRESSED ME UPLIKE THIS.NO !  WE DIDN'T !
AND THIS ISN'T MY NOSE.
IT'S A FALSE ONE.
WELL ?WELL, WE DIDDO THE NOSE.
THE NOSE ?AND THE HAT.
BUT SHE IS A WITCH.
YEAH !  BURN HER !BURN HER !  BURN HER !
- DID YOU DRESS HER UP  LIKE THIS ?
- NO !
NO !NO !NO !
YES.  YES.YEAH, A BIT.
A BIT. A BIT.
SHE HAS GOT A WART.
WHAT MAKES YOU THINKSHE IS A WITCH ?
WELL, SHE TURNED ME
INTO A NEWT !
A NEWT ?
I GOT BETTER.
BURN HER ANYWAY !
BURN HER !BURN HER !CRACKLE, CRACKLE !
[ Shouting  Continues ]
QUIET.  QUIET.
QUIET !
THERE ARE WAYS OF TELLING
WHETHER SHE IS A WITCH.
ARE THERE ?
WHAT ARE THEY ?
TELL US !
DO THEY HURT ?
TELL ME,WHAT DO YOU DO WITH WITCHES ?
BURN THEM !
BURN THEM UP !
BURN !
AND WHAT DO YOU BURN,
APART FROM WITCHES ?
MORE WITCHES !SHH !
WOOD !
SO,
WHY DO WITCHES BURN ?
B--
- 'CAUSE THEY'RE  MADE OF W-- WOOD ?- GOOD !
OH, YEAH.
[ Murmuring ]
SO, HOW DO WE TELLWHETHER SHE
IS MADE OF WOOD ?
BUILD A BRIDGEOUT OF HER !
AH, BUT CAN YOU NOT ALSOMAKE BRIDGES OUT OF STONE ?
OH, YEAH.
TRUE.  UH--
DOES WOOD
SINK IN WATER ?
NO, NO.
NO, IT FLOATS !
IT FLOATS !
THROW HER INTO THE POND !
[ All Shouting ]
WHAT ALSO FLOATSIN WATER ?
BREAD !
APPLES !
UH, VERY SMALL ROCKS.
- CIDER !  CHERRIES !
- UH, GRA-- GRAVY !  MUD !
- CHURCHES !  CHURCHES !
- LEAD !  LEAD !
- A DUCK !- [ Crowd Gasps, Murmurs ]
EXACTLY !
SO, LOGICALLY--
IF... SHE...
WEIGHS...
THE SAMEAS A DUCK...
SHE'S MADE OF WOOD !
AND THEREFORE ?
- A WITCH !
- [ All ]  A WITCH !  A WITCH !
[ Shouting Continues ]
HERE'S A DUCK !
[ Quacking ]
VERY GOOD.WE SHALL USEMY LARGEST SCALES.
[ Shouting Continues ]
BURN ! BURN THE WITCH !
BURN HER ! BURN THE WITCH !
BURN HER ! BURN HER !  BURN HER !
BURN HER ! BURN HER !
[ Man Grunts ]
RIGHT !
REMOVE THE SUPPORTS !
A WITCH !
IT'S A FAIR COP.
- BURN HER !- [ Crowd Continues Shouting ]  BURN HER !  BURN HER !
WHO ARE YOU,WHO ARE SO WISE
IN THE WAYS OF SCIENCE ?
I AM ARTHUR,KING OF THE BRITONS.
MY LIEGE !
GOOD SIR KNIGHT,WILL YOU COME WITH ME
TO CAMELOT...
AND JOIN US
AT THE ROUND TABLE ?
MY LIEGE,
I WOULD BE HONORED !
WHAT IS YOUR NAME ?
BEDEVERE, MY LIEGE.
THEN I DUB YOU
SIR
BEDEVERE,
KNIGHTOF THE ROUND TABLE.
[ Narrator ]THE WISE SIR BEDEVERE...
WAS THE FIRST TO JOIN
KING ARTHUR'S KNIGHTS.
BUT OTHER ILLUSTRIOUS NAMES
WERE SOON TO FOLLOW:
SIR LAUNCELOT THE BRAVE;
SIR GALAHAD THE PURE;
AND SIR ROBIN
THE NOT-QUITE-SO-BRAVE-
AS-SIR-LAUNCELOT,
WHO HAD NEARLY FOUGHT
THE DRAGON OF ANGNOR,
WHO HAD NEARLYSTOOD UP TO THE VICIOUS
CHICKEN OF BRISTOL...
AND WHO HAD
PERSONALLY WET HIMSELFAT THE BATTLE OF BADON HILL;
AND THE APTLY NAMED
SIR NOT-APPEARING-IN-THIS-FILM.
TOGETHER THEY FORMED A BAND
WHOSE NAMES AND DEEDS...
WERE TO BE RETOLD
THROUGHOUT THE CENTURIES.
THE KNIGHTS
OF THE ROUND TABLE.